how about now can you all hear me out
let's see it says waiting for Bo
well I'm here we're back okay hang on I
will be right back I'll enjoy the fire
okay so I'm back in theory if y'all can
still hear me I walked away for twenty
seconds and that's what killed it last
time so alright your chicken is almost
done alright let's see what we've got
here yeah sorry for the the crash there
everybody but this is probably about the
right time so there's gonna hang out for
a little bit and answer questions but
ideally this will give you all a place
to kind of hang out and chat Thank You
Erik Moyer someone needs to break out
the marshmallows yeah be nice am i
hanging out for i was on stream for
about an hour and then i'm not really
sure what happened let it stop and now
we're back so thank you Anna
let's see what can we tell you about
homemade masks yeah we'll talk about
that again we don't really know there's
been a whole bunch of studies about it
and people trying to figure out
different stuff from what I've seen it
looks like the best stuff is a mix of
various various fabrics and layered
vacuum bags HEPA filters and car filters
air filters seem to have been those that
were most effective
none are as effective as the commercial
stuff but also anything is better than
nothing at this point Thank You Helen
plant a garden now yeah I would cosign
that that's probably a good idea but I
think that's a good idea at all points
in time I don't really think that we're
hopefully I don't think we're I hope
we're not headed to the end of the world
here well hello from San Antonio Punk
size in here moderating thank you
Port Orange Florida planning a garden
after 11:00 p.m. they raised questions
maybe but you know what nobody's gonna
come and ask you know everybody's gonna
stay at home
are we back I hope so otherwise I feel
really weird and I hear me yard talking
to myself
if I made pineapple vinegar I have not
thoughts on an m9 for your first well
you so it's it's a good it's a good
sidearm there are a lot of people that
will tell you that it's outdated that
it's all in blah blah blah but it's it's
not bad there's nothing really wrong
with it and people will talk about the
stress fractures that were that were
uncovered at fifty thousand rounds or
whatever it was
odds are you're probably not gonna put
that many rounds through it in that
short of a period of time there are I
mean there are better weapons out there
without a doubt but it's not a bad one
and if you have them the opportunity to
get one at a good price I mean why not
thank you conversations from the fringe
rest in peace
to Shirley Douglas first family of
Canadian Universal who passed away today
when you talk to yourself you do it for
expert advice
thank you a rash I'm an IT guy and I
keep my clients connected to their work
and keep them going I guess we our
central workforce my customers say you
keep business alive what's your
recommendation I'm a scary you since I
can't buy anymore
I like the alcohol and then drying in a
paper bag thing myself but again it's
all guesswork I would try to find if you
don't have facial hair or you're willing
to shave I would try to find a half a
face half face respirator that has p100
filters that's gonna be the best thing
that's kind of available at the moment
but even those are getting pretty scarce
Thank You Leone a robes
that's night I saw a DIY dy eye masks
made with HEPA filters and vacuum
cleaner bags yeah that's one of the ones
that like people are leaning towards is
being really effective but again there
are it's all guesswork but at the same
time anything is better than nothing at
this point so
oh it is just me thank you old model
1911 will be always be my choice yeah
you know I know a lot of people who feel
that way and there's it's funny because
I found out doing a video one time that
apparently white people recommend that
to black people a lot and the guy
actually has he's like what did they
want us outgunned it only holds eight
shots I had eggs you know I'm like yeah
it's eight shots but it's eight shots of
45 that should be enough for for most
full face snorkel conversions don't know
anything about this haven't even looked
yeah you know thank you
essential workers for going out there
and keeping us rolling as much as you
can it really is
[Music]
it's doing more than you might think
what can we learn from this pandemic
that's a good question
there's a this is something that when
it's over we will hot wash we will go
through the whole thing and because
there's a lot as far as having food in
your home having water in your home
having cleaning supplies stuff like this
a lot of this stuff doesn't actually go
bad you can buy stuff that has a really
long shelf life and then we don't have
to worry about panic mine do I have an
opinion on general strike 2020 now is
this the comrade Britney general strike
or is somebody actually trying to
organize one I there are not many
strikes that I have opposed in my day so
and I think that hopefully people
realize exactly how important the
economy is to the powers that be and how
much we control it and that that is a
very strong it's a very strong
bargaining tool Thank You Toby what size
was the scarf in the prior video if it's
unfolded all the way it's it's a perfect
square and if you unfold it all the way
from my hip to the floor it is the
length of it and I would I would kind of
measure using that because then the
proportions would be right
what gun when I tell someone that's
never had a gun and really doesn't want
one but might get one not to get one Oh
unless you're really gonna put in the
time to train with it I'd advise not
getting one to be honest I advise going
with a less than lethal alternatives but
for first-time buyers I did a video and
it's called buying a gun out of fear of
political violence and it takes you
through the the steps of selecting one
for you and those rules that that advice
it applies to any situation not just the
one covered there thank you Mary Ann
Wright conversions from the frames thank
you
is a onesie now social belief so
socially acceptable to the grocery store
I thought it always was Thank You J
Graham sometimes I feel like it's hard
to do hard to balance well-paying jobs
and ethical jobs yeah
at times I hate having strong morals for
that do you have any tips for dealing
with that I don't know man you're
probably asking the wrong person on this
one I mean I uh yeah I'm not sure I'm
the right person to give advice on that
best wishes to your wife she says thank
you she's actually right over here
nearby until we have a vaccine for this
life can't get back to normal
yes and no eventually there will be
enough people who have caught it and
survived that that in and of itself is
kind of a vaccine in theory assuming
that we do develop some immunity to it
as we move long but we'll see I mean uh
uh I would be careful
I would be careful until you're
vaccinated myself how do I feel about
raising kids in these times it's a
challenge it's it's one more thing but
it's it's life you know this is what it
is and we kind of have to kind of just
have to move on with it
they say the immunity wears overtime
yeah I'm gonna have to defer to them
they're gonna know a whole lot more than
me
well the guillotine manufacturer be
profitable in a post cross economy
laughs it'll be profitable or not but I
imagine a lot of people be looking for
Trump tried to sue the virus fantastic
what do I think the future of school is
and how it will change education I would
I would imagine the distance learning is
gonna become a whole lot more common I
think it's gonna happen a lot more and I
can't say that I'm opposed to it you
know everything else in the world today
is a 24-hour thing I don't know why we
are confining and using a system that
hasn't evolved with the rest of the
times I I'm not I am NOT opposed to the
idea of this being the norm as far as
education now there's a whole lot of
stuff that's going to go along with that
as far as we would have to have a living
wage where the a a single parent working
could support a family because they
won't be going off to a central school
for that time period I mean it would
have to change a lot but I don't
necessarily see them as bad changes but
it's just something we're gonna have to
we're gonna have to evolve with we're
going to be very adaptable it isn't the
strongest of the species that survives
it's the most adaptable
yeah I've seen oh oh sorry okay how much
of the world have you seen and where's
your favorite place I've seen a lot of
it I actually I like this libert it's a
little area in Puerto Rico I had a whole
lot of fun there that was a place that I
would definitely go back to I like most
places that I've been they're all unique
in some way and they're all fun in some
way
thank you bad pirate monkey and I will
read that story let's see good nineteen
sucks fact what's going on we are just
hanging out doing a live stream by a
campfire giving people a little bit of
community
do I have a video explaining my
background I think the one that delves
into the stuff that people actually want
to know about is let's talk about a
hundred thousand subscribers when I got
to a hundred thousand subscribers I
answered a whole bunch of questions for
people that will probably give insight
into what you what you what you probably
want to know the fire is burning my eyes
the smoke is burning my eyes no joke are
you gonna say good night I mean to them
they need to hear you
good night internet people what are you
doing to keep busy in quarantine I've
got a ton of kids and a YouTube channel
that alone keeps me pretty busy and then
I every once in a while get suggestions
for stuff to do around the house too
how do you feel about wearing a mask
every time you leave your home I suggest
you do it I suggest you do it right now
I think it's it's probably really
important anything we can do to cut down
on transmission eventually flattens out
the curve so if you can do it I would do
it thank you Mike
what you know about it what do you think
of Canada's health care system it
doesn't seem to be the failure that ours
I could I mean I could say that I've
never used it so I don't have an
internal view of the system but just
comparatively it seems like it seems all
right
how is Florida dealing with it depends
on the area South Florida is getting
hammered they did not take the they
didn't they didn't follow the lead of
other places and now they're paying the
price for it up here we tend the social
distance in general because most people
when they think of Florida they think of
South Florida you know big cities packed
together
North Florida is really lower Alabama so
up here we're pretty far apart as it is
I mean as you notice you don't see any
lights behind behind the fat the fire so
it varies area to area the good thing
for South Florida is that there is an
aging population to begin with so
there's a lot of hospital beds which may
prove really useful
I did not read Tommy Lee's letter to the
POTUS
how many kids for in the house four
right one two three yeah
thank you Alex what are my thoughts on
anime I'm not sure I have any I don't I
not a big watchers I don't really know
let's see
Thank You hips I was asked by friends in
a reporting group to report price
gouging on eBay mask for respirators etc
does this help health care providers at
all I don't know that's kind of why I
didn't that's why I didn't disclose a
whole bunch of people because I ran
across a bunch there may be situations
out there where people literally it's
either pay that or die and it's wrong
but if that alternative isn't there they
don't have the option I know that
there's been a lot of enforcement I know
the defense are cracking down on the
pretty hard in fact the guy in Alaska
they got hit with somebody I tried to
buy from explaining if it was for a
hospital and I have to admit that I did
laugh that karma caught up well thank
you James Dorn
how do we eventually combate incredibly
done people who have been taught that
they are incredibly smart I wish I had
an answer to that that's that is Nobel
Peace Prize worthy right there
Thank You dawn can bear the response in
New York California Washington
California got out ahead of it and
people are healthier there so they're
probably gonna have a flatter curve I'm
actually not really sure what Washington
did to be honest I've been watching
Florida and I've been watching New York
simply because that's going to be a
that's gonna be a good example of what
happens everywhere else and they they
tried a bunch of half-measures there and
we'll see how it turns out you know it's
hard to say until afterward I would have
Florida dropped the ball completely as a
state counties in Florida are very
empowered and a lot of counties took
action and then Florida being Florida is
full of Florida man so you had half the
community that was thinking of Michael
in situations like that and was just
like yeah I'll stay home anyway and then
the other half are the people you see
surfing during the hurricane and they
were out just doing what they normally
do so I'm curious what's gonna happen
here - to be honest I mean there's a lot
of guessing we can look at the models
all we want but we don't have widespread
testing enough to really to really be
able to guess I mean that's what the
models are they're they're they're
guesses in a way
do I think that future leaders and
politicians will learn a valuable lesson
from this or will they use it as a tool
to take more power from the public yes
to both I think they'll do both I would
hope that the public learns a valuable
lesson from this
when did I realize this thing was
serious just curious the the time I made
the first video saying hey well we need
to start paying attention to this you
know the first one I made was like look
we've got these agencies they know what
they're doing let them do their job
chill out somewhere between that video
and the next one I had kind of picked up
on the fact that those agencies weren't
being allowed to do their jobs but when
I became concerned I made a video I
don't know the exact date
Thank You Lian say
I'm being real quiet I'm scrolling back
through and reading all these kind
comments what part of Florida do I live
in the Panhandle Alachua County acted
quickly yeah I mean but yeah it's
Alachua County and they have shanz there
shanz is a major or Hospital here in in
Florida and that's based in Gainesville
and Alachua County was was was one of
the first ones so it's like hey we need
to pay attention to this and they also
have the University of Florida there
that I would imagine that played into it
they have access to and listen to
experts that those in Tallahassee may
not have met with conversations from the
fringe Thank You trump incompetent or
criminal why not both I think it's a
combination of the two I think that
there's a lot of grifting going on
there's a lot of him trying to get his
his fingers and everybody's pie and I
also think he's not really that bright
you know there's a level of it was
there's a level of corruption that at
some point is actually good because it's
helpful you know if you have somebody
that's really on the ball and then you
have some who are corrupt and inept and
that's just a danger to everybody Thank
You Toby
see my thoughts on the Navy captain he
was reassigned pending pending a probe I
I have a feeling that the probe will
determine that he was justified captains
are in command of their ship captains
are in command of their ship and I think
that the I think that the secretary of
Navy was made a mistake I do not think
it was a wise decision to try to counter
man or punish a decision to port you
know that captain is invested with the
authority to scuttle that ship if
necessary I don't think that putting it
into port is that big of a deal what
should we prepare for this upcoming week
stay home prepared stay home yes that's
what I would do you know it hit
different areas at different times so
it's gonna be rolling I think that what
happens in New York is going to scare a
lot of people New York won't be every
city it won't be like that everywhere
that the numbers won't be as high
because the numbers aren't as high as
New York but I do think it's gonna get
bad I actually thought I thought it was
gonna hit last week you know I did that
video it's gonna be a bad day that was
the day I thought that we were gonna
start seeing thousand body days and then
it was gonna escalate from there we
started seeing thousand body days this
week and I think that it's going to go
up so I would just prepare to stay home
and just hang out don't we don't go
anywhere unless you absolutely have to
Thank You Angie thank you Mark
Thank You Franny
what type of plan do you think will
allow us to recover economically from
this crisis if it was me I I would be
doing larger checks to people and
smaller checks to corporations because
the money that goes to people will
inevitably flow up the money the goes to
corporations necessarily will not flow
down Thank You Scutari
Thank You Jacob we're gonna cross ten
thousand the night probably that
wouldn't surprise me but we're gonna hit
a point where it becomes exponential
growth and that I think that's when
people are really going to start to get
scared and and I can't blame them I
would be if I was in a major city I
would be worried I would I mean I'm a
little concerned here because we're so
far out and so far removed there were a
lot of people that up until the state
was finally like stay at home they
weren't really taking it seriously Thank
You dawn I've tried please address the
five G thing ok so five G exists in a
little less than 50 countries kovetz in
two hundred the two aren't linked as far
as the radiation is concerned it's the
wrong kind of radiation number one
number two radiation doesn't just get to
a point and then stop you know one of
the theories is that it is hurting it's
damaging your cells but the reality is
radiation is based on dose the longer
you're exposed to it the worse it would
be it doesn't just stop at lowering your
immunity it would keep going I do not
have I don't have a lot
worried about 5g in and of itself I
don't think it would be any more risky
than air quality Thank You kwik-e-mart
yeah I mean that that's a that's apt
that's a good analogy right there
Dallas passed a thousand infections
today I would imagine they have more
than that
that's just confirmed Florida
unemployment is completely broken that
is a fact I got a friend I was talking
to you today who said six hours is what
it took to get filed and then basically
all that was told to him was it he had
an open thing and to come back in six
days and try it again so thank you PE D
expert what about the come in mental
health yeah that's gonna be a big one
this the one thing about this is that
it's exposing a lot of the weaknesses in
our system that have been there the
whole time only now instead of just
affecting those that don't have means
it's gonna affect everybody I would hope
that that would be a catalyst for change
and there would be a light at the end of
the tunnel but I don't know I mean is Co
that linked him in shaving their beard
yes absolutely
radiation doesn't make a virus right I
mean that's that is not it's not
something I'm concerned about it's
really not Thank You Toby make sure miss
bow take some time for self care she has
the last two days last two days she's
been at home
she is going back into the fight
tomorrow I have five G in the bank does
that count
more than most people now I did have
somebody come up with a on Twitter came
up with a unique way to respond to the
5g tower thing 5g towers aren't causing
it they're actually the cure and they
want to keep it for themselves and I I
have learned with flat earth people that
sometimes it is it is it is better to
try to just take it to the next level
you know when people talk to me about
flat earth I will flat out tell them
this guy still believes we live on earth
get woke man and then they stop the
conversation and move away from you
because the point man that's got crazy
Thank You Toby Leonard if I haven't said
that Thank You Kelly Horton how do I
feel about what they did to the Navy
captain I don't think that that is i'ma
have to do a video on that one a lot of
people are asking about that
the captain has the authority on that
ship I think that reassigning him for a
probe was a mistake and I think that the
probe will clear him so got some
critters out there oh yeah I'm sure
there are there's something crawling
behind me I mean we are it would not
surprise me if there if an animal
appeared is it possible for an entire
nation to win the Darwin Award yes yes
it is hopefully it doesn't come to that
though just a super snake yeah you know
that's funny except I found one in my
bathroom
a month or two ago come on
it's Florida
what would I say to a person who thinks
that we should let this run through
without socially isolating I would tell
them that they need to go volunteer at
NER or an ICU with no PPE there are some
people that you will not be able to
reach do I think Trump will ever stand
for what he did
probably not I think the government is
going to want to downplay its negligence
and this as much as possible
hi counter fly make sure that you don't
have a cup with a straw in it near the
nurse's station you know Jacobs gonna
come by any minute and that's what
they're gonna be concerned with tell
them the volunteer at the local morgue
yeah there's that too do you think we've
hit peak infections I think I think we
may be near there as far as reality but
I don't think the numbers have caught up
yet there's a whole bunch of people that
haven't been tested that are currently
right at this exact moment infected so
if I think the peak number of infections
has happened but the the positives I
think we're we're still in for a climb
mayor
say here low-level microwaves can cook a
hot pocket you can cook an egg oh by
putting it between your thighs so
there's that
Thank You Josh so I have Tony but I
don't I haven't been paying attention to
anything I've I'll be honest the kids
have been running me ragged I have no
idea what's going on anywhere outside of
the news and and the house I've not this
is actually my recreation right now I
was hanging out by this fire with you
guys which is working out pretty well
thank you carpe packs
thank you PDX Peart Thomas Massey's
comments be more specific wedding with
what exactly he want me to comment on
here what what did he say I'm not sure
that I you know with some of these
people they're like can you comment on
the last thing that they said I'm like
that that could be anything I don't know
why do Americans have an attitude where
fruits Canadians is it the 1812 thing
you know that's one thing that we can
actually take them over and talk about
on a more serious and in-depth level the
one thing that everybody can take away
from this this is what is going to
happen during climate change what the US
did here as far as seizing shipments and
stuff like that that's to be expected
and the way that the wealthy are able to
isolate themselves and get tests and
everybody else isn't that's what that's
what it's going to be like the money's
gonna buy their way out of it we've got
to use our voice on that because it's
it's it's a very real threat just like
this one warned about for decades and
ignored and then when it happens
everybody's surprised the difference is
it's going to be a this is fixable the
climate change may not be Thank You
Theresa
what non-citizens should plan for if you
Groot us I don't have a clue to be
honest I don't think I I think at the
moment that this is slowing down
enforcement and I think that in in the
weirdest way possible
I think the institutional race racism is
actually helping a few number of people
because a lot of our immigration
officials don't want to interact with
foreigners right now so I think it's
actually helping them at the moment I
don't know if that's gonna be long term
though Thank You McKenzie I assume you
heard about Boris Johnson in the
hospital I did not hear that I merely
was sick but did not know who
hospitalized Thank You Chuckster
sewing masks and listening to you
thank you for sewing masks people are
gonna need them really should have
brought marshmallows and a chair
and Nickelback
we're snowing I'm assuming that goes
back to why we haven't had to do towards
Canada look Canada has apologized for
Nickelback on numerous occasions they
don't need to apologize again Thank You
Josh
sadly this think this is the only only
the peak for New York yeah well there's
peak infections then there's a peak
hospitalizations and then there's peak
toll I think hopefully if everybody
stays home we're at peak infections for
everybody
now if they stay home hospitalization
and toll that will take a couple weeks
for some areas the longer they put it
off the longer it's gonna be dark pace
not angry in 1812 anymore Nickelback are
they that bad
really I mean they catch a lot of flack
Thank You Jacob what are my favorite
movies um I'm a lot like books with that
one i watch most I'm not a see recent
ones that I really like I don't know
about movies but I really like to be the
show you on Netflix that was uh that was
a level now there was something new I
like that it was a good storytelling as
well
thank you Andres here in Cuba we have a
good medication for the virus and are
fair on alpha B you guys lift the
embargo our government can give you the
medication for your citizens right now I
would not count on I think Trump would
rather keep that embargo in place and
let all of us die to be honest
Thank You moon Rush makes up for
Nickelback
see I've fallen way behind here thank
you James Johnson $10 from an essential
and seemingly expendable grocery worker
and and that the truth never understood
the hatred towards Nickelback myself
yeah I mean they're not like the
greatest but I don't know why everybody
hates him so much
I mean Nickelback was scientifically
proven to be the worst man ever well
there we go
science science tells us
come on Norwegian cop shows now Thank
You manatee conversations from the
fringe it's not nickel Peck we apologize
for beber beber
Trump's killing his voters yeah there's
that there that so the demographic being
a hardest hit is also the demographic
most in favor of trial there is that I
mean that that is a that is a
demographic fact that is something that
is occurring I don't know that I mean I
don't know how you want to look at that
but that is something that is happening
Thank You Jacob
I work for Domino's delivering pizzas
what's your opinion on them saying we
are essential workers and not giving us
gloves mask or hazard pay
I'm not sure that having a pizza
delivered is essential and it leave your
food service don't you have gloves
already like didn't you already have
stocks that doesn't even make sense
or they just don't want to pay for right
you know yeah it doesn't surprise me
about that that's why the answer it
doesn't surprise me before I get a
lawsuit from Domino's
Thank You Toby Thank You Leon's
pronounce it right this time
[Laughter]
pizza is essential Leonard Cohen was it
a fact fact see there you go you can't
you know is that who are Nickelback so
Nickelback is a band from Canada was
incredibly popular in the United States
for a while and then all of a sudden
everybody hated whoa I don't uh I mean
it's not really my cup of tea all of it
but it's not that bad I mean I
definitely heard worse music in my life
thanks grocery dudes and girls from an
RN you guys are awesome just thought I'd
read that one out loud
Thank You McKinsey Drake why do I feel
like I already assumed you heard about
Boris Johnson that one stayed up there a
long time Thank You Jay gram why do so
many left us oppose the CIA and FBI so
during the Red Scare the FBI actively
and openly targeted left-leaning people
even people that were just center-right
that kind of leaned left so there's an
animosity there the CIA does its best to
advance American interests American
interest is nationalistic by nature it
is inherently nationalistic to say that
most leftists thought is about people
not countries so there's there's
animosity there then there are a lot of
people who dislike the CIA because
they're not incredibly competent thank
you phantom alpha hey Bo can you offer
some advice a friend of mine lives in
Manhattan with her 80 year old
grandfather and her older brother
they all have kovat I do not have an ice
for that that's horrible
that is horrible I would try to stay
positive and you know understand that
statistically they'll make it you you
you stand a good chance of it but that's
horrible Thank You Lenore thank you knew
my wife was sewing masks they got upset
with the patterns at the hospital from
the shirts and asked for plain colors
New Orleans yeah I imagine that's gonna
change in the next week the attitude may
change there are a lot of hospital
administrators that are making poor
decisions that don't have to do with the
staff we're seeing this mainly in large
cities more so than out in rural areas
because hospital administrators in rural
areas are still part of the community
there's still people that are linked to
the community so they try to look out
for them
Thank You Cornelius from a member of a
hospital custodial staff well thank you
because it again
you know we focus on nurses and doctors
but there are a whole lot of people
making those hospitals Ron thank you Dan
dinosaurs twice thank you then you know
Danny well a maiya butchered that one
I'm sure - yeah people ask for a book
recommendation there's a good one
Confessions of an economic hitman that
is one I would suggest reading
Oh Nathan Lopez thank you book
recommendations confessions of a Nick
and economic hitman start there will
this help prompt 2020 I don't think so
I don't think that this is something
he's going to be able to brand his way
out of the the situation is what it is
and I don't think that any amount of
talk is going to help the re you can't
actually distort reality like that
sewing mash drinking wine listening
sounds like a good night do mericans
consider Creed is their Nickelback
probably Thank You Susan off-topic your
opinion of Tom Styer if his organization
next Jim America in the election I'm not
I have not dug into that organization
enough to have a hard opinion on it
I am reflexively suspicious of wealthy
people entering into politics most times
it just seems like they're trying to cut
out the middleman
but I don't know that's just my own bias
Thank You Nicholas hayslett
Thank You Andres for the person that
asked about the CIA please Google Cubano
flight four five five and you will have
your answer
we hate the CIA here in Cuba Thank You
Jacob
Creed is way worse than Nickelback and
I'd rather listen to trump talk about
abortion man creed or three doors now
and this is brutal
do you think Trump sold the national
stockpile do I suspect that yes yeah I
wouldn't say that as fact I don't have
the evidence to back it up but if I had
the time and was still that motivated to
to do investigative work like that I
would be digging and do it because I
have a feeling we're gonna find out that
there was a quid pro quo involved with
that as far as who's getting in who's
distributing it the contracts all of
that I don't know I don't know that it
was sold but he definitely grifted would
be my guess and again I don't have proof
it's suspicious
we might be able to unite the entire
country around this Nickelback creed
thing I'm just saying how dare you y'all
need some do up a Motown in your lives
fact sounds like Bo is going through a
bag of winter truffles I'm not using a
mic I'm just using the them while I'm
using the mic in in the laptop right now
so if I sound a little weird that's why
wish I was still doing you know there's
there's a part of me that wishes I would
still do an investigative stuff but I
have to admit I think I am more I think
I'm more useful here because you you hit
a point of doing that after a while
where nobody will talk to you I was
working in Ohio for a while after the
John Crawford thing and a couple of
other shootings up there and it got to
the point where I couldn't do anything I
got pulled over one night and the cop
walks up he gets to the window and he's
like oh it's you and then turned around
and walked off just because he didn't
want to deal with me and and there you
hit a point where you're just where you
can't do that kind of work anymore where
they everybody knows you and you're just
kind of stuck I mean I can go through
paperwork now but that's about it I
can't actually get out there in the
field Thank You Mona your thoughts on
this November election do you believe
they will delay and do you think the
country will go to mail ballots I hope
the country goes to Mel ballots I I
would be surprised if they delayed
I think the backlash from that would be
pretty intense and I don't think the
Republican Party's gonna want to own
that
how are you obtaining your groceries I
am I'm one of those people that always
stay stocked up because of hurricanes
and stuff like that is we make a few
trips to get perishable stuff but since
this since I said in a video that I was
staying at home I've left the house
twice in that entire time Thank You
Jacob
all right bye the last super chat so I
just wanted to say thank you for using
your voice and encouraging others to do
the same thank you you know who wanted
to give everyone $1,000 a month before
karuppa progress yeah
dirt fly are you an investigative
journalist yeah I watch I was four time
yeah that's actually for those that
don't know that's how this channel
started for a very long time I hid my
accent I used a non regional accent and
I was a journalist one night I was
drinking with some other journalists and
it slipped out and they're like oh my
god you're a redneck you should do
videos showcasing that and I did and
played it up you know sitting on a
tractor and dip and all of that stuff
and played the accent up a whole lot and
it was a joke with a little bit of
social commentary and then as it as it
progressed I had to walk back the accent
to my normal accent rather than well hey
y'all how's it going laying it on a real
thick and then slowly this took over
everything that I was doing and it was
the right time for it to happen I got
real lucky in the way everything worked
out Thank You Nick Joe check on friends
as well from a paramedic I love you all
Thank You Bryan this is for Miss bow I
will pass that along I'll make sure she
knows bow do you feel your governor is
doing the job
no no not at all we we're we're
controlling things in here in Florida on
a county level the state government has
been an utter disaster no I do not feel
that our governor is doing a good job I
think Florida will hold itself together
based on the county I think we'll do all
right but it will be the county level
that did it not the governor
carpe Pax I remember this early videos I
followed you from Facebook yeah
and that those older videos of me really
playing it up and and you know those are
still out there I never wanted to get
rid of them because it was never exposed
like it was never supposed to be a
secret it was never supposed to be any
any like it wasn't supposed to evolve
the way it is I just you know I took a
nickname a real nickname that people
called me and and ran with it and it
blew up again I I talked it up to
viewers being able to see the
authenticity rather than I think that's
why it succeeded and and and something
to do with the contrast between when you
hear this accent you expect me to say
one thing and then you know what I say
doesn't always match up with the
stereotype so I think that has something
to do with it too and you should strain
on twitch every now and then that is our
next area that we're going that's the
next platform we're getting on you know
we actually just got on to Twitter
Pharrell and Instagram we're we're gonna
move to twitch soon I think as soon as I
can figure it out I have people willing
to help me but we'll we'll see how much
is Florida population is gonna die off
from this I don't know that's horrible
they'll like it this is Justin yeah okay
that's the other part Justin is my given
name that's my real name and that's what
I wrote under bow is a nickname so is
Nick the the fact that I wasn't trying
to hide it should be evidenced by the
fact that the very first video on
Facebook starts
off with well howdy there internet
people Justin said I'd be more effective
on my own channel it was never supposed
to be like a a secret
it just it was supposed to be a joke for
my core readership and it blew up two
people who had no idea that I even wrote
but yeah like all my plate carrier it
has my real last name you know stuff
like that but let's see supposed to
throw your problems in the fire yes
okay yeah my given name is Justin but
very few people actually call me that
more people call me Bo or Mick dude man
thank you
Thank You Andrea
for the positive shenanigans shout out
from your discord peeps thank you
Ernestine Leia I'm sure I messed that up
I apologize thank you for helping me
stay sane you mean your last name isn't
the fifth column yeah all right are you
a traveling man I'm not but I'm I know
what that question means let's see I
hope you know those early TFC videos
really good too yeah I like them but
again it's I feel more comfortable like
this been doing the the non a regional
accent and the white board and being
more condescending than I am really Mick
as an Irish American yeah that's where
it originated Wow Thank You Heather
Heather Rose is Radio Flyer what do you
think of Amazon's test complicit
the spread of the virus through their
refusal to protect their workers and by
reasonable extension the general public
the virus survives 24 hours on cardboard
in three days on plastic I definitely
understand there I know there's a lot of
people getting groceries and necessities
through Amazon and I think that if
people take precautions and understand
that it does survive and wait or
sanitize the their their shipments that
would be better than them going to a
grocery store it's really easy for me to
criticize Amazon so I have to be careful
because I have issues with their
involvement with with the immigration
stuff so I have to be careful not to let
my own biases and come over on that one
I don't they have horrible labor
practices they have they have a whole
lot of horrible stuff
I don't know that them continuing their
shipments is the worst thing that
they've done there's there's plenty of
cause to have an issue with Amazon III I
think that maybe they should print on
their boxes or attach something
explaining the timeline a life cycle
there there could be things that would
help but
Thank You green lady do you anticipate
major violence as the u.s. goes into
depression and thousands of people lose
their homes I would hope that the powers
that be understand that that is exactly
what would happen if if relief is not
given quickly and it would impact them
more than anybody else because the the
rage would be directed so I would hope
that that doesn't happen but yeah I if
if relief isn't given yes that is what I
think would happen I hope I am hopeful
that it isn't though in a few sentences
what is your takeaway message for us
build a strong community and it doesn't
matter what your central what the
central government says learn to rely on
each other rather than a government and
understand that it's going to take a
long time to get to the ideal we just
have to keep working that direction we
don't have to win today but we have to
fight every day how does Bo know words
like acid I'm beginning to suspect he is
on the right way
yeah you know when I say I'm not a
Democrat people immediately assume that
I'm like a woke Republican yeah like no
no that's that's not add Thank You Tara
what do you think about Trump cutting
the EPA and allowing yeah manufacturing
that's running right now during this
crisis to decide whether or not they're
runoff is necessary or not yeah it's
just it's another hand out to big
business it's another play against the
environment because he doesn't
understand the impacts of it and
understanding that all of this
contributes to climate change and
climate change grande contributes to
warmer weather and greater insect travel
which can contribute to pandemics you
know nothing he does really surprises me
anymore half of it is arrogance and half
of it is incompetence so thank you dude
man what keeps you motivated you guys
honestly I actually feel like I'm doing
some good I feel like that I'm helping
I'm you know helping people stay sane
which is a comment that gets said a lot
and I get messages from people from time
to time where they say this is what I
believed and this is what I believe now
and you played a part in that that's
important to me and it keeps me
motivated because it is a long road it's
one that I don't foresee I don't think
we'll reach the end of it by while I'm
still alive so the fact that I can play
a part in getting us there makes me
happy
Thank You Sally who is saying good night
everyone
please remind everyone it's planting
season it is planting season I put in
some more because I thought I was gonna
be on the road and wasn't gonna be able
to handle you know have much time to do
this I put in a bunch of like berry
bushes into my raised beds and stuff
planning on removing them and now I got
all the time in the world but it is
planting season so it might be a good
time to start thinking about what you're
gonna do maybe order some seeds
I would definitely you know I would do
it this year if you've ever thought
about it this is the year to do it you
know find stuff in your growing zone it
may not be planting season where you are
some of you still have snow on the
ground but it's definitely planting
season down here
do I believe climate change is an
existential threat yes do I think the
ten year deadline is legitimate the
modelling is a lot like the modelling
that we're seeing for the curbs it's
dependent on a lot of ifs thenns so I'm
reluctant to put a time a time frame on
it I would just say we need to act soon
like real soon libertarian question mark
if you mean that in the European sense
you're getting warmer do you mean that
in the American sense think even crazier
thank you Amy be
conversations from the Fred from the
Fred friends go to midnight snack yeah
I'm gonna have to soon
battery's gonna die on the laptop Thank
You Brett Wallander hello I'm from
Wisconsin immunocompromised due to quit
working hoping to get unemployment life
is nuts yes it is
thank you eat the rich thank you stinky
juju
I've already started planting and got
more on the way
Thank You Chuckster what is your opinion
of first amendment auditors it's a lot
like second amendment auditors it's a
good idea in theory some of the
practices that I've seen doing it not so
not not great in execution sometimes I
think the overwhelming majority of
people who are doing that are doing it
for the right reasons in the right way
but those that those that get the most
notice are typically doing something
that would intentionally to disrupt and
in that way it's a lot like second
amendment audits you know in a lot of
areas you have a second amendment a
constitutional state constitutional
right to care and that's all fine and
good until you do it right after a a
major incident in your causing panic
rights don't come without
responsibilities and that's that's one
of those things I think people should be
careful with what they're doing but I
die Second Amendment audits and First
Amendment audits as I have seen them
most people are doing them for the right
reasons in the right way
however those end up not being the ones
that go viral if I just touch my eye
while I died probably not
I mean maybe think you know we're living
in uncertain times being poor is only a
shock to the newly poor thank you so BEC
you have always seemed very worldly and
informed did you pick that up as a time
as a contractor military just a student
of history all of that yeah all of
that's true I would I've always loved
history like ever since I was little and
I always traveled travel with my parents
when I was little and I was a contractor
and I let's just say I varied in
legitimacy while I was doing that then I
had a number of other experiences along
the way I was journalist I guess I still
am a journalist and all of that led me
to where I am
travel is is the thing that I think is
most important and the one thing we
can't do right now
see Thank You Lee summit Inc oh I'm sure
I butchered that I planted a tree and
raspberry bushes on my birthday after
watching your anyone can plant a garden
video thank you
well I can't wait to see the raspberries
I have I appeal in my yard one of them
is is huge it has just its mutant I
can't wait to see what it produces this
year but yet those types of things
bushes like that trees they are low
maintenance once you get them started
they just they do all the work for you
so if you're just starting out that may
be something to start with a DEA audits
are becoming a thing oh yeah I can see
that it's becoming necessary are you
ever gonna use your real voice on this
channel this actually is okay so because
everybody heard me first with with the
non regional accent that sounds like
this everybody assumes that this is my
role voice it's not this is effective
this this journalists often use a non
regional accident so they can be
understood everywhere be the voice that
everybody who has heard me for years
that knew me before this channel that's
actually me trying to hide my accent not
not the other way around
were you always left-leaning no no I was
not
I was always anti their of
anti-authoritarian I was always on the
down side of the spectrum but I didn't
always lean left
I was never far right but I there was a
time when I thought that I believed here
I'm gonna go ahead and say it I believed
in the hidden hand of the market doing
all of that stuff I was wrong I could
admit that thank you Jason Vogel are we
on the brink of a new era in our
country's history I sure hope so
thank you carpe pax if anyone working
for non-essential business is staying
open please stop I opted out of working
for my non-essential employer because
fighting the curve is more important do
the right thing that is a message from
carp a pox pax
you may need to lay low for a while yeah
I've heard that before so you were
libertarian pretty much more
anti-authoritarian libertarian so if
you've never taken a political compass
test you know everybody is familiar with
left and right
there's also authoritarian
anti-authoritarian or maybe it's
authoritarian and libertarian is how its
labeled here in this states but you
definitely have another another line and
up and down line
aside from left and right what I have
found is those that are all the way on
the bottom for the most part there are
some exceptions and you'll see them
brought up in the chat here in a second
for the most part they can all get along
and I was I've always been on that end
of things but and to me I think that's a
little bit more important than left and
right on some levels not on all but you
should do a stream of yourself taking
the political compass test well that'd
be entertaining it's always the same
thing
I'm always way way way down at the
bottom and lean just to the left is
where I end up I loved your scarf in
your early video I'm a scarf kind of
girl yeah so the one that I was wearing
was made in Palestine is given to me by
a reader and it is it's it's that's
what's up with the colors on and
everything those are available that one
is really really nice most of them are
they're not that soft I mean you guys
can't tell this by looking at it
but those are useful for a whole lot of
things as far as any kind of survival
situation not just not just the ones
that we're dealing with now you know
they can be used as bandages they can be
used as a whole lot of stuff I recommend
having them I have them in all of my
bags Thank You Joshua you do good work
my girl gave up the right wing ideology
with your help
thank you ha ha ha thank you yeah I like
hearing that yes this is a quite literal
fireside chat I did some of these before
and they're there actually some of my
favorite videos if you go back through
on the page you can find them haven't
done one in a while any time is a
terrible time to stop smoking looks
Kurdish I have some Kurdish ones too
in fact I've worn one in a video they
are so you have the yellow green and red
in the Kurdish one and it's green red
and black and white in the Palestinian
one there they're very closely related
and they if you're buying those that are
made by people there a lot of times they
can look identical
let's see what is the that scarf called
so we had somebody that corrected me
because I had heard it referred to as a
cafe ax and a Smaug said that cafe ax
wasn't actually a correct term for it
but that was only slang in the US so if
you're looking to order one you would
google it sh e m agh and you'll be able
to find them they're not expensive four
good ones good ones are like nine bucks
unless you're looking for one
specifically made in the area that it
represents because all of the colors
mean something in in the in the
authentic ones there are a lot of them
that are mass-produced they are widely
used among members of a certain ideology
because they are red and black and
orange and black and yellow and black
and that color code that that often gets
brought up how many people do you think
you've converted I have no idea one one
a day is enough for me
can't have a fire here in California
yeah that's that's one of the good
things about living here in Florida and
especially out in the rural parts of it
it's we really don't have a lot of burn
bans here it's too wet
converted what I'm I'm assuming they
mean either converted to an
anti-authoritarian ideology or just got
out of the right wing of the far-right
most times is it considered cultural
appropriation to where one the one I
would say the suggests that the one that
I was wearing or that I had on tonight
is not one I've never worn that in
public except to a an event that was
that I was invited to and I was
expressing solidarity with the people
there
the Kurdish one is one that I wear in
public but that was also a gift that
IIIi feel that it's okay for me to wear
that one I would not wear an ethnic one
one that's tied to any specific
ethnicity with it without a tie to it I
don't think that in the current climate
most people are going to care I think
they're going to understand contrary to
popular belief most Muslims that I have
met have been extremely understanding
people especially in the situation like
this I don't think that you would have
any issues but they do make that a whole
bunch of them that are not tied to any
specific ethnicity so I mean if possible
I would look for one of those
do you like to cook over your fire I not
this one um but I do like to cook over
an open fire sometimes this is more for
meditation my version of it I guess
YouTube knows it's viral no one will
trust the Americans for a long time
probably not we have we've sold out a
lot of people
just watched YouTube matobo Wrangler in
Florida yeah we get snakes up here but
not not too bad I mean let me rephrase
that we don't get dangerous snakes up
here that often we have a lot of snakes
there's actually like a there's a
five-foot one that lives out in the
front yard but keeps keeps the bad ones
away so he just kind of hangs out a bit
so I'm gonna name him though I disagree
with about 90% of your views however I
respect your right to express your
opinions I respect your ability to
articulate your ideas and thoughts well
thank you
black racers yeah tons of them up here
don't worry they keep the snakes at
sometimes Thank You Toby converting
people to think for themselves is what
you do what do you do with the wood ash
from your fire you get it gets buried it
gets buried it's so let's see do I have
time before I might be able to get
through this before the battery dies
you know I have a nanny peeth which well
it's actually still flat from the
hurricane but there's a native
experience let's just call it that a
sweat lodge and it's something I do
pretty often and this is the fire that
would be used for that so this gets
treated a little bit differently than
then one that I would just cook over so
not I know that may sound kind of weird
but it is what it is
thank you Anna when did you get into
prepping and what motivated you how old
were you when you began what have you
taught your family about it I don't
really like that the term prepping
I it has a lot of connotations that I
don't like being associated with but
I've always been somebody who like to be
prepared I was a boy scout and it's it's
something that at this point I do it
without really thinking about it um it's
just kind of a part of who I am my kids
my oldest my oldest son can could
probably survive in the woods for a
month but I try to make it an experience
that's fun rather than you know if you
don't learn this one day when you know
the black helicopters come your I try to
make it a fun thing not a paranoia thing
thank you Steve
our Preppers will we used to call
survival survivalists yes there there's
a slight difference Preppers tend to
focus on gathering stuff and sheltering
in place survivalists tend to focus on
skills which is what I'm probably closer
to that in the fact that I'd like to do
as much as I can with as little as
possible but I've also got a bunch of
kids and that requires preparation
can tyranny be voted out of office
depends on how far we let it get does
YouTube be monetize your videos if baked
contain the word or on the virus I don't
know I because of the way I just talked
in general a lot of times that the
buzzword doesn't get used but I will
tell you that the the video I did today
showing how to do the mask for some
reason that one got a yellow icon I have
no idea why I don't think I actually
said that word in that either
Heather Rose is the Radio Flyer can you
can you repost the we'll check the Ailey
if things go sideways yeah
time for YouTube revolution okay so this
is gonna die
so rather than just having it abruptly
end I'm gonna go ahead and call it a
night and so I hope you all had fun
we'll try to do this again at some point
during this y'all have a good night
it's just a thought